Current Status:

    Currently have everything configured in ros and everything is communicating.

    Will begin configuring the tuning inputs of the algorithm and PID in February

Goal:

    Begining of February:

        - Ensure proper download of repository 
        - Become familure with BlueRov (if not already)
        - Become familure with source/src code for path planner and pid, and the pid implimentation file found in lib/pid/ros_pid.cpp
        - Ensure communication between all nodes
    
    End of February:

        - Begin tuning of PID controller

Advice:

    Before diving into actual testing I would confirm that all communication is properly working, and breifly look over the code.
    
    I structured it to were you should only have to work out of the source file found in src.  However, the only thing that has not been run 
    and may contain issues is the pid header file I created.  Any beleived errors within the path planner should be noted in the Notes.txt file
    for the day. 

    All pid tuning parameters are currently set to 1.  These can be found in the controller_node source file.

    When conducting the first expiraments I would begin with only setting 1 DOF at a time.
        This can be done in the pp_node source file. i.e. all final positons are 0 besides 1 of them.

    Before you continue to the pid controll, plot the trajectory you will following first to make sure that is was computed correctly.

    I would define 0 objects for the whole month of february.

    Expect there to be problems and to be patient.  
    There is a path planning algorithm that is running that has never seen light of day before.
    I am excited to have you guys working with me through this, and hope that their can be some form of learning while we work together. 
    There is an object detection system that I will be building ontop of the system I currently have inplace.  If any of you are interested in helping in 
    the development of that I would be happy to have you on board. 

    My cell is 337.321.0557 feel free to call any time of day. Remember I am 2 hours behind you guys so be easy on the mornings.